[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
We've got an amazing
program for you today.
Michelle Clare is with
us, a certified medium,
angel intuitive, and three-time
near-death experience survivor.
She receives messages from
loved ones who have crossed over
as well as angels
and life guides.
Michelle, I'm glad
you're here in the flesh.
>>MICHELLE CLARE: Well,
thank you, George.
I'm happy to be
here in the flesh.
>>NOORY: Three
near-death experiences?
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What happened to you?
>>CLARE: Oh, my goodness.
Well, you would have thought
one would have been enough.
But the first one happened
to me in April of 2000.
I was in a hospital visiting
my sister-in-law who
was having her baby, and
I was talking to her RN
in the hallway who was my
friend from high school.
I had a massive seizure.
And I remember opening my
eyes laying with my head
in my grandma's lap, who had
passed away a couple of years
previously to that.
>>NOORY: How about
the second one?
>>CLARE: The second one
was when I had my son.
I had multiple complications
after I had him.
They decided to go in and
have a D&C surgery done,
which was going to be a
45-minute outpatient procedure.
And then they ruptured my
uterus in multiple locations.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
And the third one,
what happened then?
>>CLARE: And the third
one, I was up on a ladder
about 12 feet off the ground.
And the ladder
shifted and I fell.
I hit the back of my head on the
corner of the granite island.
And I had a 5 and 1/2-inch skull
fracture and a traumatic brain
injury.
>>NOORY: So you had
these three episodes.
Now, let's go back to the
first one, the seizure.
Were you fine prior to that?
>>CLARE: I was fine.
I've never had a
seizure before or since.
I was literally standing in the
hallway, everything was good.
I had this massive seizure.
And the next thing I
know, I'm in this room.
And the walls are all white.
They are alive.
They are breathing.
They are radiating light and
love and it is a timeless space.
And I notice that I'm laying
with my head in my grandma's
lap.
And she is the youngest,
healthiest version of herself
that I can remember.
And then as I'm looking at
her, I look up next to her
and I see a beautiful angel
that is about 12 feet tall.
>>NOORY: Saying, go back.
Go back.
>>CLARE: I was drawn
into her energy
because she was just radiant.
And as I started to look at her,
I was looking for feather wings.
And what I noticed were
wings made of light.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
They're really not birdlike--
>>CLARE: No.
>>NOORY: --as the artist depict.
>>CLARE: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Was this
your guardian angel?
>>CLARE: This was
my guardian angel.
I asked her in my head, I
said, what is your name?
And she answered me.
She said, "My name is Madeline,
and I'm your guardian angel."
I wasn't aware of
telepathic communication
at that point in
time, but I quickly
was surprised that she
heard what I was thinking.
And I just remember
being in this room
with unconditional love,
timelessness, bliss,
feeling the most loved I
had ever felt in my life.
And I had grown
up feeling loved,
but it was a different
level of love.
It was this
unconditional love that's
truly available to all of us.
>>NOORY: Why do you think
the angels visit us?
>>CLARE: I believe
that they visit us
because they want us to
know that they're real
and we're not living
this life alone,
that we really have guidance
and support from the other side.
>>NOORY: Is there unconditional
love between the angel
and the human?
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
What does the angel
want out of this?
>>CLARE: What the angel gets
out of this is an energetically
vibrational high,
if you would say,
that they get to
assist us in our life
and they get to be there to help
us, protect us, and guide us.
And also for them,
they get to learn
through our human
experience too.
So they're learning and they're
enjoying this energetic exchange
that we're having with them.
>>NOORY: Who is science
the Guardian Angels to us?
>>CLARE: Our soul picks
our guardian angel
before we incarnate
into planet Earth.
>>NOORY: It's not
a God type thing?
>>CLARE: I believe it could
be, but very often, we're
talking about
vibrational matches.
So we want to connect with
angels that resonate with us.
>>NOORY: Does everybody
have a guardian angel?
>>CLARE: Everybody
has at least one.
>>NOORY: At least one.
>>CLARE: At least.
>>NOORY: You mean we have
sometimes more than one?
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
And it's not uncommon
to have angels
that specialize when you're
working on something, step
onto your team to
help you for a while.
So if somebody's
starting a new business,
we might have an angel that
specializes with that, show up
to join your team for a while.
>>NOORY: Do you generally
only know your guardian angel
in a near-death experience?
>>CLARE: No.
I find that people are becoming
much more open to connecting
with their angels.
And so they are
asking for signs.
They're asking for
feelings, smells,
different things that
will let them know
when their angel is around.
>>NOORY: How do you
communicate with an angel?
>>CLARE: Very telepathically,
so in your mind.
When we're talking to them,
we can speak out loud.
They'll hear us either way.
>>NOORY: Do you go into
some kind of meditation?
>>CLARE: Meditation is great
for connecting with your angels,
yes.
That's how I started.
>>NOORY: Now,
what's a soul group?
>>CLARE: A soul group
is a group of souls
that have decided to
come to planet Earth
to learn and play,
grow, evolve together.
>>NOORY: And what
is a pre-life plan?
>>CLARE: A pre-life
plan would be
what your soul is creating
before you show up
on planet Earth.
So you say, hey, I'm
going to go to Earth.
I'm going to learn
these lessons.
I'm going to have
these experiences.
And then we decide who we want
to be the players on our team
and we come in for that.
>>NOORY: You do a lot of
group sessions, don't you?
>>CLARE: I do.
>>NOORY: We happen
to have on tape.
Let's take a look.
>>CLARE: OK.
So for you I have either a
father figure stepping through
or the grandfather
on the father's side.
Do you understand this?
Has your dad already passed
though, because it feels more--
OK, it feels more fatherly.
OK.
I got to tell you, I feel such
an outpouring of love for you.
OK.
So from your dad,
he wants to talk
about there's been a
life shift for you it
feels like within the last--
not that long ago.
Last couple of years possibly.
Do you understand that?
OK.
So he's acknowledging that.
But I'm feeling a calm.
So I don't know if this shift
helped make your life calm
or if this is the calm that's
now coming because you've
gotten through this shift.
Do you understand that?
But it's at a different
level now, OK?
So there is a level of peace
that there wasn't before.
And it's also really
important for you
to know how much
your dad appreciated
the man you were
because I do feel like--
and I know it's natural to butt
heads at times with our parents
because that's just life.
But I want you to know
that from his perspective,
at times, he just wanted to
stand the ground because he
was dad and it was
his way and he's dad.
And I said, no.
And so it's no, right?
And I can feel
that, but I want you
to know that he really
appreciates you for who you are
and for the choices
that you have made.
And he's telling me
he's probably not
believing you right now.
Just so you know, I hear
him telling me like,
he's not believing
you right now.
OK.
At least he's being
honest, right?
You need to know that your
dad does care enough to come
through tonight.
That was his main message
that he does care enough
to come through tonight.
The road to peace is
important for you.
And he wants you to find that.
And he's making me feel like
he was a very short sighted,
so maybe this is like
instant gratification like,
well, I want this now,
so I'm going to do this
and not looking long
term down the road
into just the way this
might all play out.
But I feel this from him.
And I feel about apology.
I feel it for you.
I feel it for your mom.
I feel it for your brother.
I mean that your family didn't
have the level of peace in it
that it could have.
And yeah, yeah.
And he's taking full
responsibility for that.
>>NOORY: Do you get emotional
with these sessions?
>>CLARE: At times, I do.
I try to stay a clear
channel for spirit,
so I try to leave my emotions
out of it and step aside.
But there are moments when
I'm reading, especially
for parents who have had
kids that have transitioned,
where as a mom, it's hard
to not deeply feel that.
>>NOORY: What drew him to you
in the first place, that client?
>>CLARE: Yeah.
That client, he was curious.
He was curious.
Who's out there?
Do they want to talk to me?
Him and his dad had had a
challenging relationship.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CLARE: And so a lot of times
when I'm doing a reading,
it's the person that we've
had a challenging relationship
will come in to apologize,
give clarity, and help
you realize why they
were a part of your life.
And so they're always looking
for that peace, I feel.
>>NOORY: Michelle, do
you talk to the dead?
>>CLARE: I talk to
the alive in spirit.
>>NOORY: How does that work?
>>CLARE: That works with
me going into somewhat
of a meditative state.
Usually--
>>NOORY: Almost like a trance?
>>CLARE: Well, a little bit.
I look very much like
you just saw in that clip
where I'm talking--
>>NOORY: You were pretty
wide awake in that clip.
>>CLARE: Yes.
My brainwaves will go
to theta or delta state.
So I've been studied
while I do this.
And in that state,
I look wide awake.
And I'm able to really connect
with the loved ones and spirit
and angels and life guides.
>>NOORY: Why does
this happen to you?
>>CLARE: I think
it has a lot to do
with my near-death experiences
because with each one,
this ability grew stronger.
And I almost feel like I
came back as an ambassador,
if you would say, to remind
people that we're not
living this life alone.
We are surrounded and supported
with loved ones in spirit,
life guides, and angels.
>>NOORY: If you had to
live it all over again--
and we'll get into a near-death
experience number two
in a second--
would you prefer to have not
had any of this happen to you?
>>CLARE: Well, it
seems like it would
be easier if I could
have done it that way.
But I would tell you with
the growth and the depth
and the things that
have come into my life
since I've been able
to connect this way,
I would have to say
I wouldn't change it.
>>NOORY: You would have
lost out on all that.
>>CLARE: I would have missed
out on a huge part of my life
and the meaning of love and the
meaning of life and the fact
that we're here to
experience both.
>>NOORY: You don't think you
would have found that just
merely living your life?
>>CLARE: I don't think
it would have been
as vibrant as it is for me now.
>>NOORY: All right.
Near death number two again.
Tell us again what that was.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
So that one happened
in May of 2006.
And I was going in for a D&C,
which is just a procedure
to clear out your uterus.
I had had a lot of complications
after I had had my son.
So they said, we'll just
do this quick procedure.
45 minutes, you'll be fine.
The night before, I
had a pit in my stomach
and I felt like I
shouldn't do it.
But I wanted to believe it
would be easy and over quickly
so I went in.
And I had had anesthesia before.
When I've had it,
I remember it just
being a blank space, nothing.
No dreams, nothing.
But at this day, I
counted backwards
for the anesthesiologist.
And the next thing I remember
is my beautiful white German
shepherd who had passed
a couple of years
prior came walking into
the operating room, laid
her head on my gurney.
And the next thing I
knew, we were gone.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CLARE: And we were on
the most amazing beach.
Every drop of water, every
flower, every piece of sand
was radiating this
light and love that
was coming from the inside out.
There were colors that
I had never seen before
and I haven't seen them again,
smells, sounds, emotions.
It was literally
this heavenly realm.
>>NOORY: You saw Jesus.
>>CLARE: I did.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
Tell us tell us that episode.
>>CLARE: So as I
was moving through
this near-death experience,
I was on the beach
running with my dog.
And I felt my son called me.
He was six weeks old at the
time and at home with my mom.
And he was afraid
because he knew
I was getting ready to leave.
So I remember going to
him, and I remember saying,
I will find a way to stay.
And the next thing I
knew, I started praying.
And I just started
saying, "It's not my time.
Please help me.
My kids still need me."
And at that moment, I was
back in the operating room.
Jesus came in as my peer with
this beautiful white, golden
light, this energy of a best
friend, unconditional love.
And the next thing I know,
I was waking up in post-op
and my 45 minute procedure had
turned into a 3 and 1/2 hour
emergency surgery.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
They were scared, weren't they?
>>CLARE: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What determines
whether you come back or not?
And who determines that?
>>CLARE: Right.
So in this second
near-death experience,
I realized that there are at
least three levels to which that
happens.
One, can the body maintain
life or is it too traumatized?
The second one is about our
soul and our soul's plan.
So is this a soul
plan or a timeline
that needs to be
continued and carried out?
Or if this person
decides to leave,
can we have someone else, let's
say, step in to raise my kids?
And then that third
level really comes down
to the soul and the divine.
>>NOORY: Did you ever, at any
of these episodes, want to stay?
>>CLARE: Yes.
I was never in any
hurry to get back.
I was always enjoying--
enjoying is an understatement.
It is such a
blissful place to be.
There is no part of you
that really is wanting
to come back to the human race.
>>NOORY: What have you learned,
Michelle, about your soul
through all this?
>>CLARE: Yeah.
I mean, I've learned
one thing for sure.
Our souls are capable
of ushering in miracles.
And what happened in that
second near-death experience was
my soul was doing that.
I asked for help, I asked for
guidance and it was there.
The other thing
that I've learned
is that my soul kind of came
to find God in multiple ways,
not just in a religion, but in
these near-death experiences
during my existence
here on Earth.
>>NOORY: What's the purpose
of a near-death experience?
>>CLARE: For me,
it was awakenings.
And I feel like for
many people who've
had near-death experiences, it's
for them to awaken and to share
the message for all of us that
we are supported and loved
and that none of us
are accidentally here.
We are all here with purposes.
>>NOORY: Now, you're a
Christian, so you see Jesus.
>>CLARE: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What if
you're a Buddhist?
>>CLARE: Then I believe
you would see Buddha.
From my understanding
of spirit world,
that heavenly realm
always greets us
with unconditional love and
what keeps us comfortable.
So you're going to find what
you're expecting to see.
>>NOORY: It's truly remarkable.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: When you come back,
are you in pain, physical pain?
>>CLARE: Yes.
After every
near-death experience,
I came back with quite
a bit of physical trauma
that would take me
months to work through.
>>NOORY: Months?
>>CLARE: Months.
With this one, with this
surgery that went wrong,
it took me four
months to get back
to 80% of my physical
normal health.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
We've got a clip of you with a
client discussing spirit guides.
Let's take a watch.
>>AUDIENCE: Anything
about my spirit guides
so I can start being more
intentional in working
with them?
>>CLARE: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Well, I actually
feel like you already
work very closely with them.
>>AUDIENCE: I try.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
I try.
>>CLARE: They're
actually already telling
me you do a good job.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>CLARE: No.
I think that whatever channels
or frequencies or however
you're already doing
that, keep that amplified
and keep it going.
And then always ask for more.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>CLARE: Just say, more
signs, more awareness.
Or if you're thinking
of it as a channel,
ask for a bigger channel,
a more clear channel.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, OK.
>>CLARE: Ask for more.
That's what I want to tell you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>CLARE: Because they're
already telling me
that you're hearing
them and you're
knowing what they're saying
and the information is
coming through clearly.
So they're not giving me the
information of like, hey, we
got to wake her up.
That's not what I feel at all.
It feels like you're
there with them.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
Awesome.
OK.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
And one of them has a very
strong Egyptian connection.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, is
that interesting.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>CLARE: Female energy that
I feel with a very strong
Egyptian connection.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>CLARE: So it'll be fun to
see what she does for you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
no kidding, right?
I'm ready.
I feel like sometimes I
dream about the pyramids,
and I can hear these frequencies
in the dreams about--
I don't even know
what they're about.
But it just there's these
really specific tones.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
That's what they were telling
me, tones was the word they use.
>>AUDIENCE: They use that.
They use sound.
Like, I'll even wake up
to the sound sometimes.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
They're giving me
the word harmonizing.
So these tones are harmonizing
your energy or your frequency
or your vibration.
And that's actually
happening actively
in this life from what
you're experiencing.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, cool.
Wow.
>>CLARE: So it's not--
they want me to be clear.
It could be a past life memory.
It may be.
But it is also
actively happening now.
>>NOORY: Michelle, in your
near-death experience,
do you come across
your Akashic Records?
>>CLARE: You can.
I did not in mine, but if we
stay longer on the other side,
we are able to see those.
>>NOORY: Who unfolds it for us?
Is it done like a
trial proceedings?
>>CLARE: Yeah.
No, I believe it's done
by our spirit team,
so our life guides and our
angels and our loved ones
as they're wanting us
to understand and really
connect with more of
ourselves as a whole.
>>NOORY: Pretty
dramatic, isn't it?
>>CLARE: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of all this
personally at this point?
Is it a learning experience?
>>CLARE: It is a
learning experience.
And it's a beautiful
evolution of a soul's growth
when we learn that our
loved ones are still here
and that we are divinely guided.
None of us are here by accident.
All of our souls
chose to come here.
It really is a
learning experience
that empowers you to
create the life that you're
wanting to live and to find the
people that resonate with you.
>>NOORY: We have heard
from other experts
that the heavenly realm has
different levels and stages.
Would you agree with that?
>>CLARE: I would
agree with that.
Yes.
Because for me, what
I find, depending
on the soul when
they transition,
some people are ready to
just barely step into heaven
to find that beach
or the mountains
or whatever they're
expecting, to see grandma.
And then other people have
lived so many lifetimes
that they're really
ready to go further
into the depth of what we can
find in that heavenly realm.
>>NOORY: How important is planet
Earth to the scheme of things?
Does it matter where we are?
>>CLARE: Yes, it matters a lot.
We are on the cutting edge
of learning and growing here.
And so this is a classroom
unlike anywhere else.
Souls are literally
lined up to come here
because we're taking
the advanced course,
if you would call it that, the
advanced course in life where
our souls experience
more with the contrast
here than we do in
any other realm.
But that contrast
allows us to grow.
>>NOORY: Did it take the
three near-death experiences--
and we'll get into number
three in a second--
for you to get to this point?
>>CLARE: It did.
I did it the hard way.
I feel like each one was a
wake up call and an opening
for me to express more
of who I truly was.
But it did.
It took each one.
>>NOORY: Do angels
have souls, Michelle?
>>CLARE: They do.
>>NOORY: How do we know this?
>>CLARE: Because they exist in
that divine space that all of us
also exist in.
And we're all a piece
of light from the whole,
from the divine source,
God, whatever word
we want to use for that.
So we all are existing with
our own spark of light.
>>NOORY: Your third death
experience happened when?
>>CLARE: On 11/1/11,
so November 1, 2011.
Those are angel
numbers right there.
>>NOORY: They are.
What happened?
>>CLARE: They are?
I have 14-foot
ceilings in my house.
And I was about 12 feet off
the ground on a ladder changing
batteries in a candle.
And as I got to the
top, I felt the ladder
start to shift below me.
>>NOORY: Oh, no.
>>CLARE: Literally, the
only thing I could think
is, this is going to hurt.
And the next thing I knew,
I was ripped out of my body,
not in a painful way,
but in a very fast way
like a bungee cord.
I was turned around
facing my body
and the ladder
suspended in the air.
And I was standing with these
three people that I didn't know,
but they felt like really
close family or friends.
There was an Asian
man, an Egyptian woman,
and a Hawaiian man.
And as I stood
there with them, I
was in that beautiful
timeless space,
that unconditioned love again.
And I could see my body
suspended in the air.
They said to me, what
do you want to do?
Do you want to stay
or do you want to go?
>>NOORY: And you said?
>>CLARE: I actually
didn't answer right away.
I was trying to understand
how I had forever to decide.
>>NOORY: You had
to think about it?
>>CLARE: I did.
I was thinking
about it because I
was torn with this
beautiful love
that I felt within
me and all around me
from this heavenly realm.
And then I could see
my younger two kids.
And as I saw my kids,
I saw a beautiful angel
come in, a different one than in
my first near-death experience.
This one was dressed
in red and gold.
And when I saw
this angel, I knew
that it was there to either
take me home or shift something
so that I could stay.
And as I saw my
younger two kids,
I made the decision
I need to stay.
>>NOORY: Well, as Robert
Frost writes in his poems,
"You have miles to go before
you sleep," basically.
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
And in that moment when
I made that decision,
I was downloaded with
a lot of information.
I was told I needed to come back
and do my mediumship the way
that I had planned originally.
I was told that my long
marriage was probably not going
to survive my mediumship and
would probably end in divorce
and that there would
be more trauma,
but that there would be so
much joy and so many lives.
>>NOORY: Did that happen?
>>CLARE: It did happen.
>>NOORY: Interesting prediction.
The movie "It's a Wonderful
Life," you've seen it--
>>CLARE: Yes.
>>NOORY: --with Jimmy Stewart.
Clarence comes back to save him.
Basically, he was his guide, his
guardian angel, his life guide.
Is that real?
Does that happen?
>>CLARE: It can happen.
Yes.
>>NOORY: What is a life guide?
>>CLARE: So a life
guide for me is somebody
or a soul that has been
human many, many times
and has really mastered
so many of the lessons
here on planet Earth.
And so they step in to help
guide and direct souls that
are not as mature as them as
we're here on this planet.
>>NOORY: We've got a clip
discussing spirit guides.
>>CLARE: And so I do want
to start first off with--
I want to say it's a grandfather
figure because dad is still
here, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hmm.
>>CLARE: OK.
Because I feel like I'm supposed
to tell you happy birthday.
So either your birthday is
coming up right around now,
but that's kind of the energy
that I want to give you.
Happy birthday, son.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
>>AUDIENCE:
Halloween, October 31.
>>CLARE: OK.
Perfect.
All right.
So he's just acknowledging
that that's coming up for you.
He's also showing me to some
of the landscape in your life.
Things are starting to shift.
And so you're going to be
having more awakenings as you're
moving through this thing.
He's also wanting
me to say things
that used to work for you are
not going to work anymore.
So you're going to find
yourself letting go of--
he's wanting me to
use the words comfort.
Things that used to
be comfortable now
just don't do it anymore.
And you're probably
already feeling
that along with the
energy that he's giving
me is some restlessness.
>>AUDIENCE: Sure.
Yeah, definitely.
>>CLARE: And he's
telling me to tell you
that you're very anxious to
get to this next step of you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>CLARE: Yeah, you are.
Like you're ready.
Like I feel like you're just
ready to rip out of this energy
that you're in and step
into the next version.
But you're really close.
You're going to get
there, he's telling me,
but it's going to take a
little bit more time or more
inner work.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, I agree.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
He's also showing me a
lot of coins for you.
So you should be finding
pennies, nickels, dimes,
quarters.
Those are going to
be coming from him.
>>AUDIENCE: It's weird.
I had a dream last night
that I found a penny
that I had never
seen before, like it
had different design on it.
And it's kind of crazy.
>>CLARE: Yes.
Exactly.
So he's leaving them
for you in your dreams.
>>AUDIENCE: I just remembered
that right now too.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
>>AUDIENCE: That's crazy.
>>CLARE: Your dreams
are, what he's
telling me, like portals
or visions for you, right?
And you are often
finding yourself
in your dream are the
words that he's giving me.
So even if it doesn't
look like you or something
that you relate to, it's a
part of you, an aspect of you,
a version of you
that you're finding.
So this new penny or whatever
this is that you found,
that's to me, also
symbolizes what
he's talking about finding
this new version of yourself.
>>NOORY: Why do so many spirits
deal with change, loose change?
It happens in the movie "Ghost."
Remember that penny
that went up the wall?
Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore.
>>CLARE: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's the one--
Why did they deal
with change like that?
>>CLARE: Because it's
obvious that's something
that we can see.
And I think it's easy for
spirit to kind manipulate,
so it's easy for
them to manifest
a penny on the ground or a
quarter or whatever this is.
And so very often too, people
whenever these signs come up
will say, well, my dad
always had a jar of change
or my grandpa always made
me roll his quarters.
So usually, when
the spirit is also
giving me the change
as a sign, it's
something that person is
connected with in life.
>>NOORY: Do you
have a past loved
one who communicates with you?
>>CLARE: I do.
I have multiple loved
ones on the other side.
My mom is one of my
strongest supporters.
And very often, she
will come in and just
give me messages
of hope, really,
is the word I want to say.
Keep going.
You've got this next step.
But being able to
feel our loved ones
and to know how much they
are wanting us to succeed
is really important
in our growth.
>>NOORY: Do they come
to you in dream states?
>>CLARE: Once in a while.
Most of my--
>>NOORY: Not a lot.
>>CLARE: Not too often.
Most of my mediumship
is done while I'm awake.
>>NOORY: Now, what's an
exit point, Michelle?
>>CLARE: An exit point
would be something
that our soul plans before we
come to Earth as opportunities
for us to leave and go
back to the heavenly realm.
And normally, a soul will
put in between three to five
exit points in their life plan.
Sometimes, it's
the car crash myth,
sometimes it's the car
accident that you did have
but you walked away from.
We have multiple
points where we will
choose to either stay or go.
>>NOORY: Do you speak
to people who have
had near-death experiences?
>>CLARE: I do.
>>NOORY: Do they all
have similar traits
after they've come back?
>>CLARE: Yes.
One thing that we
know is most people
that have near-death
experiences come back
with a heightened increase
in mediumship or spirit
communication.
It seems to be very
natural for someone
to be able to touch
the other side
and then bring that
gift back more strongly.
>>NOORY: Are they better people?
>>CLARE: Actually, yes.
I've never met anyone
that's had one and hasn't
come back and decided
that they needed
to make more out of their life
or live better, love more, help
others.
>>NOORY: Are they enlightened
when they come back?
>>CLARE: Yes, absolutely.
You can't go to that
level or that dimension
and get that knowing and
come back the same person.
You really can't.
And that was part of the reason
why I believe my marriage that
was 25 years ended because
you cannot have a near-death
experience and come back the
person you were before that.
>>NOORY: Interesting point.
Are you glad this
happened to you?
>>CLARE: I am glad for the
knowledge and the connection
that I have.
I think it was a
challenging way to do it.
>>NOORY: Would you
go through it again?
>>CLARE: I would.
I would do it again if
that was the only way
to be who I am today.
>>NOORY: What would
you tell people
who have had these experiences
that just feel on edge?
>>CLARE: Yeah.
I think it's really
important for them
to know that there
are many people who've
had near-death experiences
or out-of-body experiences.
And so finding communities
that can help support them
through that would be
really wonderful for them.
There are a lot of places
that we can find out more.
If you just go online,
you'll find out
a lot more about
groups that talk
about these near-death
experiences.
You're not alone in this.
And I think people do
feel alone in this.
It took me weeks before I would
even talk about these to people.
>>NOORY: Do you have to be
particularly religious to have
these experiences?
>>CLARE: No.
Here's one of the amazing
things we're learning
with near-death experiences.
We're actually using AI to
chronologically order what's
happening with them.
And with that, what
we're finding is
it doesn't matter your
gender, your race,
your age when you
die, how you died,
what continent you live in.
What matters is that
all of these people
or the majority of
them are experiencing
the same thing, which
is timelessness,
unconditional love, reunion
with family on the other side,
seeing angels,
seeing life guides.
And so with all of
this information,
we can start to predict
what the next 100
people who have near-death
experiences will experience.
>>NOORY: Now, if you did not
come back but you moved on,
what would have happened?
How would that
transition have occurred?
>>CLARE: Well, I believe
that at that point in time,
I would have passed in the fall.
And then I probably
would have gone on
to keep learning
because we don't
stop learning in spirit world.
But the lessons
that we learn there
are a little bit different
than they are here.
I like to compare it to when
I was 16 and in high school,
we had a driving
simulator for driver's ed.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CLARE: And being
in spirit world
is a little bit where you
get to take the driver's
test on the simulation machine.
But when you come
here to planet Earth,
it's a different
level of learning.
It's boots on the ground.
Your hands are getting
dirty and you're all in,
which is different when we're
driving a car than being
in a simulator.
So I might have still been able
to learn some of my lessons,
but it wouldn't have
been to the depth
that I was able to learn
them by being here in body.
>>NOORY: If you had near-death
experience number four
and they gave you that option,
stay or go back, what would you
do this time?
>>CLARE: Well, that's
a big question.
I keep telling everyone
that if I have a fourth one,
it's my last one and I'm out.
>>NOORY: You're not coming back?
>>CLARE: I think
number four will be it.
>>NOORY: Why give up?
You're still way too young.
>>CLARE: Well, here's the thing.
I've been told by
my guides I'm not
going to have another near-death
experience, that those
are behind me for now.
Now is my time to--
>>NOORY: You don't
want any more?
>>CLARE: No.
I'm good.
I think I've learned
my hardest lessons.
>>NOORY: Is that mean
you're giving up?
>>CLARE: No, it just means
that I have grown enough
that now I can find other ways
to learn and connect with spirit
and share those messages
without always having to do it
the hard way.
>>NOORY: When did
you become a medium?
>>CLARE: So I've been practicing
my mediumship for eight years
now professionally.
But after my third
near-death experience,
I started mentoring
with different mediums
and honing in on my abilities.
I did not know how to
use this prior to that.
>>NOORY: But you have
learned it in a big way now.
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How did you
become a certified medium?
>>CLARE: So I did a
certification testing program.
And what they did was they
had me log on to Skype--
>>NOORY: Who certifies you?
>>CLARE: So Mark Ireland is
the gentleman who certified me.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CLARE: And you can
find his website online,
find a certified medium.
>>NOORY: Is he accredited or--
>>CLARE: He is.
Well, he's worked with
different scientists.
Dr. Gary Schwartz, I believe--
>>NOORY: Gary is a good guy.
>>CLARE: Yes.
So what he does is he sets
up blind Skype readings.
So I would be told
get on Zoom or Skype
at 11:00 AM on Wednesday.
I would log on.
I wouldn't know if it's a man
or a woman or where they lived,
and I would just start
giving them the information
that I was getting
from their loved one.
Meanwhile, they're sitting there
scoring me and marking down
the information.
>>NOORY: You passed
with flying colors.
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Do we have free
will on the other side?
>>CLARE: We do.
We have free will there
and we have free will here.
So our souls choose to come
back because we want to.
No one is ever
forced to come back.
You're not forced to come
back to live another life
or to be a cockroach
in this lifetime
because you did something
bad in the last one.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CLARE: So we have free
will there to choose
our life plan or our blueprint.
And then once we get to human
form, we also have free will.
So we can try to stay in
alignment and accomplish that
or we can be like a dog and
chase our tail in a circle.
>>NOORY: Who signs these
soul contracts with us?
>>CLARE: These
are contracts made
between our soul, God's source,
the divine, your life guides,
and your guardian angels.
>>NOORY: Can you break it?
>>CLARE: You can alter it.
Yes.
I don't know if I want
to use the word break,
but you can change it.
There can be a point in time--
>>NOORY: Can they change it too?
>>CLARE: They can change it too.
It would be an agreement, so
it would be a mutual consent
to change it.
>>NOORY: Like you're not
going to go down the hell.
We're going to keep
you up here in heaven.
What if they changed their mind?
>>CLARE: That's not
going to happen.
As long as you realize
that we are all here
beings of light no
matter, what you're doing,
it's hard to see that.
If you're watching
the news, you're
not going to look around
saying, look at all
of these beings of light.
You're not.
But the truth is, we are
all sparks of the light.
And we've come from
that heavenly realm
and that's where
we're going to return.
>>NOORY: Give us an
example of somebody
you know who had a
near-death experience
and it changed their life.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
Oh my goodness, I've met
so many amazing people
with near-death experiences.
One of the top ones
that I can think of
was actually a gentleman who
had a negative near-death
experience.
So he told me that he
had been living life
as a rotten person
just doing very--
>>NOORY: Heinous things.
>>CLARE: Heinous things, yes.
Mean things, not caring
about anyone else.
And he said to me at
that point in time,
he was in a motorcycle accident.
He died.
And he remembers
being in what he
called hell, which was dark,
cold, feeling agonizing--
>>NOORY: Empty.
>>CLARE: Empty.
Yes.
But what he said
to me is something
that I hear from
spirit world too.
He was basically
begging God, I don't
want this to be my eternity.
Please don't let this
be where I'm going.
And at that moment, a hand
came down into the darkness.
A huge giant hand reached in and
pulled him out and pulled him
back into the light.
And he says he came
back and it took him
years to recover from
his physical injuries.
But he knew now in his mind that
he wanted to be a good person.
And he wanted to
live a better life.
And he's absolutely
changed his life around.
>>NOORY: And he had
something to live for.
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
And one of the things
spirit has told
me is that when people have
these experiences that someone
might consider negative,
there are always
beams of light around them
to hold the space for them
to come back up into
that heavenly realm.
>>NOORY: Do we all
have this potential
of being a medium or a psychic?
>>CLARE: Absolutely.
It's our natural soul's gift.
It's a little bit
like doing math.
Some people can practice
it and get better
and become physicists.
Other people will practice it
and get to a certain level.
And mediumship is very
similar with that.
It's our natural connection
to source and our loved ones.
>>NOORY: Michelle, how do we
know a near-death experience is
real and that it's not
some fluke of the mind
in that kind of state?
>>CLARE: Right.
Well, one of the things
that I can tell you
many near-death
experiencers have said
is that it is more vivid and
more real than me sitting here
with you today.
The colors, the sounds,
the unconditional love,
it's like it makes this life
feel like we have a Halloween
costume on or a costume
on and then we step out
into who we really are.
So truly by the emotions.
The other things we know is that
many near-death experiencers
see things happening
in the operating room
or in places that
they're not that there's
no way they would be able
to see if they were just
connected to their body.
>>NOORY: Can science ever
prove the existence of NDEs?
>>CLARE: Yes.
I absolutely believe we are
working on that right now
and that it will be proven soon.
>>NOORY: That would be
dramatic if they can.
>>CLARE: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What are
the main lessons
you've learned from NDEs.
>>CLARE: Oh, my goodness.
Well, one thing I learned--
>>NOORY: It has
changed you, hasn't it?
>>CLARE: Oh, it has changed me.
I've learned that we've come
to learn and play and grow
on planet Earth, that this
isn't a prison sentence.
This is actually an
exploration of life here.
You need to think of
yourself like you're
exploring the universe
being on planet Earth.
I've learned that life guides
are real, angels are real.
Our loved ones do
have psychic ability.
My grandma knew that
I was coming that day,
and she was waiting for me.
I've learned that
we all have angels.
I've learned that there
is an unconditional loving
being source that is wanting
to connect with each of us
every moment of our lives.
>>NOORY: Did your
grandmother send you back?
>>CLARE: She didn't
send me back.
But when I came
back into my body,
it felt like I had been dropped
out of a 10-storey building.
It felt--
>>NOORY: Oh, god.
>>CLARE: --heavy.
>>NOORY: You've gone through
a lot of pain in these things.
>>CLARE: I have.
>>NOORY: Some NDEs aren't
that painful, right?
>>CLARE: Correct.
And some people have
NDEs where they actually
receive miraculous healings
like Anita Moorjani.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CLARE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That was
pretty dramatic.
>>CLARE: It was very dramatic.
And mine, for me, dying is the
easy part, going into the light,
being on the other side,
experience that is easy.
Then I come back and I have to
work through the physical part
of it.
>>NOORY: What would you
recommend to somebody
who's afraid of dying?
>>CLARE: Oh, my goodness.
Well, I would say number
one, know that you're not
living this life alone.
So no one dies alone.
Your loved ones are
still connected to you
whether you're connecting with
them and seeing it or not.
And so when we realize
that we're actually
stepping into a realm where
we're connected to the loved
ones who have gone before us and
still connected here to planet
Earth, we don't actually
need to be afraid
because there is a greater
awareness and a greater love
that's available to all of us.
>>NOORY: Those of us who have
not had a near-death experience,
are we missing out on anything?
>>CLARE: Well, you're missing
out on the trauma part of it,
of the healing that you'll
have to do with your body
when you come back.
But no, I don't think so.
I think because of the world we
live in now with the internet
and people can
learn these lessons
without having to physically
experience it for themselves.
So it's about how open you are.
Do you want to
learn the easy way
or do you want to
learn the hard way?
And if you want to
learn the easy way,
we have this opportunity
to access information
where it's endless.
And you can actually
start to connect and feel
this immense love that is here.
>>NOORY: What if
you can't come back?
>>CLARE: Well, if
you can't come back--
and that happens to a
lot of people, right?
Because I don't know how many
of them were not given a choice.
>>NOORY: People
die in their sleep.
They just don't come back.
>>CLARE: Right.
But you're still connected
to your loved ones
even if you don't come
back into your body.
>>NOORY: Michelle, how do people
contact you or follow your work?
>>CLARE: Yes.
The easiest way is through my
website, MichelleClare.net.
I'm on Instagram.
I'm on Facebook.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>CLARE: It's been an honor.
Thank you for having me, George.
>>NOORY: I'm one of
those that has never
had a near-death experience.
I'm not in a rush to get to one.
But if it ever happens
to me, at least
by talking to people
like Michelle Clare,
I know what to expect.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]